Home Page:

1) In homepage 121 is not hyperlinked. It should be hyperlinked and should originate call to 121 if user press.-- Link enable but not underline.
2) Not opening homepage after connect to data. --- Fixed
 

--------
Phonebook

1) current Group info not display in edit window IF user edit any saved contact.		---Fixed
2) Page not refresh if user switch from Local to SIM/USIM.					-- Fixed
3) if user Edit and press OK it saved as new entry.						---Dialer crashed every time.
4) Search function is not operational.								---Fixed
5) IN right Click menu-> New should bve rename as New Contact.					-- Fixed
6) IN right click menu-> Edit should be rename as Edit contact.					---Fixed
7) In right click menu-> Delete should be rename as Delete Contact.				---Fixed
8) after user press Export , it ask to open. It should ask to save.				---Fixed
9) function related to SIM not implemented.							---Open
10) Dialer crashed everytime if edit any contact and save.					---Fixed
11) If user press export and save contact it is not saving selected contact.			---Open
12) Import Function not working.								---Open



Message:
1) Message not deleted.										--- Open( IF user closd exe and open message will gome again)
2) Not showing any status after user press send.						--- Open
3) 10 digit mapping from right to left not implemented.						--- Open
4) Search option not operational.								--- Fixed
5) When user open Dialer and swith to Message Tab. Dialer should open inbox.			--- Fixed
6) When user press send to dialer should open the phonebook with checkbox to select contacts.	--- Open
7) In inbox/Outbox.... Number not properly allined.						--- Open
8) Indication of read/Unread message not present.						--- Open
9) Move/Move All/ Copy/ Copy All-> To application need to rename as Local.			--- Open
10) Move/Move All/ Copy/ Copy All-> To SIM need to rename as "To SIM/USIM".			--- Open
11) IF user is in Local inbox/Outbox/etc Move/Move All/ Copy/ Copy All-> Local should be hide.	--- Open
12) IF user is in SIM/USIM Move/Move All/ Copy/ Copy All->SIM/USIM should be hide.		--- Open
13) In message detail window not showing Name, Number and receiving date and time.		--- Open( Still not show Name as 10 digit mapping not implemented)
14) No SMS tone played when received incomming message.						--- Open
15) IF user press Shift+Delete Number,Time and Content changes to 1,2,3				--- Open
16) Ctrl+F not operational									--- Fixed
17) Export ( Ctrl+E) not operational								--- Fixed
18) Export need to rename as Export selected SMS.						--- Open						
19) Export All need to rename as Export All SMS							--- Open
20) After press Export All it ask to open file , it should switch to save.			--- Open( Now it ask for save but after press save file not savd in selectd location)
21) Not receiving delivery report								--- Open

Setting:-
Call History:
1) Missed call also show in Answered Call.									- Open
2) In call history right click menu not implemented. As user select any number and press right click		- Open
   dialer should show optin to Call, Send Text Message, Save number,Delete and Clear with 
   associate short key.
3) In all call no icon present to distinguest between Answered / Missed / Dialed Call.				- Open
4) Show Day date time year it should display as day/ date with year/ time.					- Open
5) 10 digit mapping from right to left not implemented.								- Open
6) Name should be rename as Name/Number.									- Open
7) Not showing actual duration in call history,only shows 0.							- Open
8) In Call type it shows numbers it should show Voice call.							- Open

Data Usage:
1) Not showing detail of uoload/ download data usage.								- Open

Check Balance:
1) with post paid if user press check balanck dialer prompt with "retry operation" with OK button.		
   Dialer shoudl not prompt it should display reply in text box.
2) IF user insert any shortcode and press Enter Key for PC, It is not entering.User need to press send button.	- Fixed

Network Settings:
-> Network Mode:
1) Network mode not implemented for only 2G and 3G.				- OPen( not functioning as per selected mode)
2) IF user select network mode and press Apply , not showing response message.	- Partially Fixed( Prompt need to rephrase as " Mode changed to ...)

-> Network Selection:
1) GPRS need to rename as 2G.										- Fixed
2) IF user press any available network and press Register, not showing any progress bar for registring	- Open( keep showing Progress bar) 
   Progress and final status.

Operator/Product Information:
1) Not showing serial number.										-Fixed

 


PIN Operation:
1) When user insert PIN enable SIM and cancel the PIN POP-UP, Dialer should prompt as " Canceling PIN or PUK	-- OPen( No prompt to enter PIN when PIN is enable and user open exe)
   varification will disable most network related functions,continue?" with Yes or No button.
2) IF user cancel PIN prompt and go to setting->Pin operation dialer should not ask to enter PIN untill user press- Open
   "Verify" button.
3) IF user cancel PIN prompt and go to setting->PIN operation, disable button not display. Dialer should display -- Open
   all button in hide state except "Verify".
4) When PIN is alredy disabled, Verify button should not be enable.						--- Open

Call:
1) Not showing any pop-up for incomming call.Should show Pop-up with "Call" and "End" button.			--- Open
2) When incomming call received dialer not switch to Volice call tab.						--- Fixed
3) Not able to originate call if user insert MDN and press enter key( PC).					--- Open
4) Not Displaying MDN/ Name in incomming call.									--- Fixed but Name not display as 10 digit mapping not implemented
5) Not perform any operation if press contact icon.								--- Open

